Update compute setup directory structure (#187)
hytest-org/hytest: environment_set_up/QuickStart-Cloud-pangeo.chs.usgs.gov.md

# Quick-Start for pangeo.chs.usgs.gov Cloud Environment

This document will help you set up the correct computing environment on the USGS JupyterHub instance deployed at pangeo.chs.usgs.gov. This JupyterHub instance is currently deployed on a USGS AWS account, and any USGS employee can request access to this space. Once you are added, the url will take you to your own personal JupyterHub space, and files in this space are only visible/accessible to the user who created them. You will also have access to a shared set of kernels.

## 1) Obtain access to `pangeo.chs.usgs.gov` by following [these instructions](https://support.chs.usgs.gov/display/CHSKB/Pangeo+Framework)

## 2) Clone this repository containing example notebooks into your working space

## 3) Open a notebook and select the pangeo conda env kernel

## 4) Run the notebook

> If you want to update the packages in the kernel you are working in or create a new kernel, you will need to submit a ticket to CTek, and the update may not happen for several weeks.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to update the packages in the pangeo kernel, you will need to create a merge request with changes to this [environment.yml](https://code.chs.usgs.gov/usgs-chs/CHS-IaC/baseline/managed-services/pangeo/pangeo-image/-/blob/master/pangeo-notebook/environment.yml). [Here is an example of a successfully merged request](https://code.chs.usgs.gov/usgs-chs/CHS-IaC/baseline/managed-services/pangeo/pangeo-image/-/merge_requests/45). Please note that the update to the environment may take several weeks to go through.
```

> If you want to update the packages in the kernel you are working in or create a new kernel, you will need to submit a ticket to CTek, and the update may not happen for several weeks.

Author: @rsignell-usgs - can you confirm that we submit a ticket on the CTek Jira?

Author: or tell me how you submitted the ticket to update the kernel?
